readme.md, before:

## luart-node

Facilitates interaction between luart and nodejs by extracting files from https://github.com/samyeyo/LuaRT/releases/ and packaging them as an npm package.

## Usage

Install like any other npm package, e.g., `npm i -g luart-node`.

After installation, the following commands are available:

- luart-node -- utility
- luart -- for running command-line programs
- wluart -- for running windowed programs
- rtc -- for compiling programs

If you need to configure the bin directory in environment variables, its location is `node_modules/luart-node/luaRT/bin/`.

For programmatic invocation:

```js
// npm i luart-node
const { getPath } = require(`luart-node`)
getPath(`rtc`) // Pass in the command, returns the file path
```

Command line:

```txt
$ luart-node <v|version>
  Show version.
$ luart-node <gen> [vscode]
  Generate vscode configuration.
$ luart-node <c|compile> <path>
  Compile into an exe with all dependencies introduced.
```

## Development

```bat
:: Install dependencies
pnpm i

:: Development
pnpm dev

:: Build
pnpm build

:: Test
pnpm test

:: Generate npm package
pnpm pack
```

Commit message:

chore: Update luart version to 1.9.5

readme.md, after:

## luart-node

Facilitates interaction between luart and nodejs by extracting files from https://github.com/samyeyo/LuaRT/releases/ and packaging them as an npm package.

## Usage

Install like any other npm package, e.g., `npm i -g luart-node`.

After installation, the following commands are available:

- luart-node -- utility
- luart -- for running command-line programs
- wluart -- for running windowed programs
- rtc -- for compiling programs

If you need to configure the bin directory in environment variables, its location is `node_modules/luart-node/luaRT/bin/`.

For programmatic invocation:

```js
// npm i luart-node
const { getPath } = require(`luart-node`)
getPath(`rtc`) // Pass in the command, returns the file path
```

Command line:

```txt
$ luart-node <v|version>
  Show version.
$ luart-node <gen> [vscode]
  Generate vscode configuration.
$ luart-node <c|compile> <path>
  Compile into an exe with all dependencies introduced.
```

## Development

Notice: To update the luart version, clear the ./temp directory

```bat
:: Install dependencies
pnpm i

:: Development
pnpm dev

:: Build
pnpm build

:: Test
pnpm test

:: Generate npm package
pnpm pack
```
